it happened in the spring of the year at
the time when Kings go out to battle
that David sent Joab and his servants
with him and all Israel and they
destroyed the people of Ammon and
besieged Rabbah but David remained at
Jerusalem then it happened one evening
that David arose from his bed and walked
on the roof of the king's house and from
the roof he saw a woman bathing and the
woman was very beautiful to behold so
David sent and inquired about the woman
and someone said is this not Bathsheba
the daughter of aalayam the wife of
Uriah the Hittite then David sent
messengers and took her and she came to
him and he lay with her for she was
cleansed from her impurity and she
returned to her house and the woman
conceived so she sent and told David I
am with child
then David sent to Joab
[Music]
send me Uriah the Hittite and Joab sent
Uriah to David when Uriah had come to
him David asked how Joab was doing and
how the people were doing and how the
war prospered and David said to Uriah go
down to your house and wash your feet
so Uriah departed from the King's house
and a gift of food from the king
followed him but Uriah slept at the door
of the King's house with all the
servants of his Lord and did not go down
to his house so when they told David
saying Uriah did not go down to his
house David said to Uriah did you not
come from a journey why did you not go
down to your house the Ark and Israel
and Judah are dwelling in tents and my
lord Joab and the servants of my lord
are encamped in the open fields shall I
then go to my house to eat and drink and
to lie with my wife as you live and as
your soul lives I will not do this thing
wait here today also and tomorrow I will
let you debarred so your I remained in
Jerusalem that day and the next now when
David called him he ate and drank before
him and he made him drunk and at evening
he went out to lie on his bed with the
servants of his Lord but he did not go
down to his house in the morning it
happened that David wrote a letter to
Joab and sent it by the hand of Uriah
and he wrote in the letter said Uriah in
the forefront of the
battle and retreat from him that he may
be struck down and died so it was while
Joe had besieged the city that he
assigned Uriah to a place where he knew
there were valiant men then the men of
the city came out and fought with joy
and some of the people of the servants
of David fell and Uriah the Hittite died
also
then Joab sent and told David all the
things concerning the war and charged
the messenger when you have finished
telling the matters of the war to the
king if it happens at the King's wrath
rises and he says to you why did you
approach so near to the city when you
fought did you not know that they would
shoot from the wall who struck Abimelech
the son of Jarama chef was it not a
woman who cast a piece of millstone on
him from the wall so that he died in
thei bez why did you go near the wall
then you shall say your servant Uriah
the Hittite is dead also so the
messenger went and came and told David
all that Joab had sent by him surely the
men prevailed against us and came out to
us in the field then we drove them back
as far as the entrance of the gate the
archers shot from the wall at your
servants and some of the king's servants
are dead and your servant Uriah the
Hittite is dead also thus you shall say
to Joab do not let this thing displease
you for the sword devours one as well as
another strengthen your attack against
the city and overthrow it so encouraging
when the wife of Uriah heard that Uriah
her husband was dead she mourned for her
husband and when her mourning was over
David sent and brought her to his house
and she became his wife and bore him a
son but the thing that David had done
displeased the Lord
[Music]